There are a couple of things where we could continue.
But I want to continue with the input container which is the container around these inputs.
So around you select a number text around the text input here and around the buttons and this container
has a width and it aligns to item spot as I described earlier.
It would be nice to have that card to look there for Dad.
We need some more exotic styles which sounds really fancy but simply some style rules.
We haven't used before.
For example I want to add a shadow a slight drop shadow.
You do this with four core properties which you can use a color an offset and a pass a T and A radius.
No shadow color should be clear it's the color of your Shadow.
Shadow offset is how much it's offset from your container.
And that actually takes the object which then in turn takes a width and a height.
So you could say I want to offset the shadow by two pixels regarding the width and by two pixels regarding
the height that influences the three dimensional effect your creating opacity describes how transparent
this shadow is.
If you set opacity to 1 then you have a totally in transparent so a very visible strong shadow.
And if you increase that so or decrease that I should say if you set this to Sera that one for example
you have a shadow which you can barely see Shadow radius then basically describes how sharp that shadow
is.
If it has rough edges or if it's a bit more blurry softer things like that.
So here I'll go with a shadow color of black by the way you can also use hex codes here if you want
to and you can also use R D you'd be a codes if you prefer this ever normal argy Biko codes actually
or all the with an alpha channel to describe transparency here though the transparency here won't have
a direct influence for a shadow you will have to set this with shadow opacity for our colours it would
have an influence but that's just a side note attached you'll find a link with more details about how
you can configure colours and which colour values react native accepts because obviously that's way
more exhaustive than what I can show here I will just go with the name because while I want the black
colour so why not go with that shortcut now besides to colour the shadow here will all receive an offset
and as I said offset here takes an object.
Now in case you wonder how I notice for one my Ida e tells me if I start typing shadow off since here
you see that hint I get on the right you should normally be getting this as well but in case you don't
get this do you official docs are of course the place to go and they are always under a guides components
and API eyes you can click on the View component there or simply click on the API docs here in the top
right corner and then she was your view there and there you'll find some style prop and then you can
find a list of all of you stalls that are supported and of course also how you configure those in there
for example you'll learn that shadow offset is an object with a number and a height for the colour you
learn that this takes a colour and that's exactly the link you find attached here where it's described
which kind of colours you can use.
So that's just a little side note here I'll use a shadow offset with a width of zero but a height of
Q so that my shadow is offset a little bit to the bottom so to say not so much to the right so not at
all to the right actually and I'll then also add a shadow radius which is a number of let's give six
a try and see what that does.
And last but not least a shadow opacity of 0 2 6 which is relatively transparent but which I think looks
quite nice.
In addition I'll give my input container a background colour of light to make sure that it's always
white and not transparent which is otherwise the default so that if we would have another background
color behind the container let's say as the base color of the entire screen the container here would
always have a white background.
Now with that if you save this you should see a shadow that looks something like this on IAW but you
see no shadow at all on Android and that's not a bug.
Instead the shadow properties here only work on ISIS and that leaves one important question How can
you set a shadow on Android then is that not possible.
It is but there you have a special style Prop D elevation prop this only works on Android as the tooltip
also shows here platform Android whereas these shadow properties only work on Io s now elevation simply
takes a number of let's say 5 and then use the default Android material design elevation so you have
less control there but on the other hand you get the default material the sign looks which your users
might be used to anyways so that's the good thing about this and now we also have a shadow here on Android
and on IAW on ISIS you will also notice that the shadow is visible on the left and right of the box
as well even though I gave it as a shadow offset of 0 for the width that can be controlled with the
shadow radius though if you set shadow which had a radius to zero then you see you only have to shadow
where you defined it's offset here so you can make sure that the shadow really is only there where you
want it if you do set a shadow radius though and by default there also is a default shadow radius you
get this this spill effect which is a more natural shadow after all.
So here it's actually the effect I want now is that I added a shadow both on Android using the default
Android shadow and on I was by the way on Android you can of course change the elevation level to play
around with different levels of elevation until you have to look you want for your application you have
enough shadow basically now besides having the shadow here however I think it would be nice to have
some padding in this box now because these items sit way too close to the edges they sit directly on
the edges after all so to change this I'll also add a little bit of padding here and the debt will be
of heading of 20 and again that's a value you can experiment with find the padding that you personally
prefer and you think that looks good and if we try that now this looks way better.
In addition rounded corners would be a nice thing.
So I'll add border radius here of let's say tend to have slightly rounded borders.
We now saved at this looks pretty sweet to me on both platforms on both devices.
So this is now the input container.
We can't see the input and the buttons probably should have the same size as well.
But at least the container is now looking good.